Listen, 23 years old, no big deal
Let's put on Pharell's "Happy,"
open up Netflix,
take out the poker chips, and
no one will know where that time went
But really, what are we going to do
for these 23 years inside this capsule?
We are dealing with something very important here
We're thinking about a changing world,
thinking about what our role could be
in these winds of change
What are our possibilities?
Nothing less and nothing more
than that we are creating a new world
And don't be afraid -
there won't be any philosophical debate here,
we won't be quoting dead Romans
We're talking about the present time
And, more importantly, dear friends,
we are talking about THE FUTURE
We are the vision capsule,
a true concentrate of brainpower
What's the worst that could happen?
Someone naps in the middle of the meeting?
So what, right?
But what would be the best?
Maybe we actually uncover some truth
That would be really cool, you know
But first things first -
a little icebreaking, a little brainstorming,
I've prepared some questions for you